hi I'm huazi Ola today I'm going to talk
about this Mac a11 Mac 131 one Mac 13 11
replacing power supply so basically
first of all you want to take out this
memory slot right here with a phillips
screwdriver
i already loose them up for the video
tape purpose already did so you got a
few screws right there usually take it
out set aside and after that this table
glass you can use it as a section cup or
you can use i use this case there's a
little credit card plastics i just slide
it through underneath and try to lift it
up as much as i can and i loosen up all
the way and after that i just lift it up
so a lot of time you can use suction cup
a lot of time you can do this and remove
the top glass so this is here just go
ahead set aside the top glass first and
now you have to remove this LCD monitor
and you will run into a lot of screws on
this LCD monitor just about this size
and you can use the phillips screwdriver
and these are the screw cysts right here
you got several on east side once you
remove the screws set aside screws and
then after that you will lift up this
thing but be careful because you have a
lot of connection in the back for
instance you'll have this audio cable
you'll have underneath i already open it
i'll show you basically you got LCD
cable you have a cable that try for the
microphone and also you have cable for
the camera so all those three cable
before you lift it up make sure you lose
in some model is different but all this
model have some type of connection so
here we go once you have that you set
aside your LCD monitor now you will get
to the power supply and here's a power
supply for this model a 13 11 so
and then you'll run into the same thing
you take your Phillips screwdriver you
have four screws right here you lift up
the screws it's three of them and bigger
size and one of them is small size so
pretty much I did the prep for you and
after that you lift it up this is where
you can get the power supply once you
get the power supply and these remember
you have a couple connectors you take
out the smaller connector from power and
that's how you the power supply now
similarly you can do the same thing on a
hard drive replacement if you were to do
hard drive instead of power supply you
take out your SATA hard drive
removing your data cable and power cable
and this other cable connected once you
do this same thing you take out these
four screws one two and there's a couple
of screws on this side and lift it up
and replace the proper SATA hard drive
the same thing if you have issues with
the logic board or the fan even the DVD
ROM this is all pretty much once you
open it and follow properly you'd be
able to close that thank you very much
and visit w-w-w dot camp you to explore
com
for more details